Equal Rights means that the security at
an event of this kind treats you the
same regardless of what your political
ideology is it doesn't matter if you're
Pro racist
or you're anti racist if you climb over
that barrier security is gonna beat you
with the same bat and put you in the
same handcuffs and put you in the back
of the same truck your motivations don't
matter the the moral character of your
cause does not matter this is just a
judgment based on the methods you use
and the methods endorsed by DXE direct
action everywhere our disruption and you
get to see just how ineffective
counterproductive and fundamentally
stupid that is in these clips of them
attempting to disrupt Hillary Clinton
and Bernie Sanders and if you think the
professional security are rough on you
guess what they're there for a reason
they're gonna handle you in a much more
ethical manner than the crowd because if
you disrupt an event like that and they
don't pull you out of the crowd the
crowd can turn on you and then it's a
bunch of amateurs beating you up to shut
you down okay that can be even nastier
that can be - you're at a rock concert
that can be nasty at a political rally
but the other thing to remember about
equal rights is that there's no
fundamental difference between you and
the people on that stage in a democracy
anyone can rent a stage I remember there
being protests when you have a
controversial figure like Henry
Kissinger or George Bush Senior he used
to go to universities you have a
controversial figure like Kissinger or
Bush show up at a university campus
there would be people whose idea of
political activism was to try to
interrupt the event at that stage at the
room that was rented for the lecture but
the irony is a most university camp
certainly at every university campus
I've been on in the Western world you
could actually rent your own stage in
most cases you could
the same room you could have your own
event you could have your own lecture
your own presentation your own activist
event reflecting on the crimes against
humanity committed by Henry Kissinger or
George Bush Senior reflecting on the
politics of the bombing of Cambodia or
the bombing of Iraq or whatever it is
that floats your boat about animal
rights of a veganism but ecology okay
the fact is you do have the freedom to
organize your own rally but you do not
have the freedom to disrupt someone
else's rally and the basic principles of
human rights equal rights for human
beings entail that if you did have the
right to disrupt everyone else would
also the the crazy right-wingers the
racists the neo-nazis you can't claim
that vegans only have some special
privilege to climb over that barrier and
others do not either everyone has that
right or nobody does freedom of speech
gives you the right to hold your own
rally to speak with your own voice to
speak for yourself and that's a
beautiful thing and all of us should be
taking better advantage of it but it
does not give you the right to silence
somebody else Hillary Clinton and Bernie
Sanders supporters are not showing up at
your rally climbing over your barriers
and getting punched out trying to
silence you when you talk about veganism
so why are you doing it to them